this is Davina and I'm Christina you
would like to sing
Barbie pieces and the popstar I wish I
had her life and I look at her in the
spotlight lever purple here seek him do
what he wants to it's crazy and she
doesn't mean and now would be so free I
wish I happy and me another me look at
her look from boom Harry here's a spike
CST in the morning and bonbons every
night that be nice I wish I had my and I
would be so free I wish I had my nails
and then I rock for me it is my I wish I
have her life and I would be so free and
everything was suddenly be just the way
that I crave it could be
oh so beautiful and our soul
thank you for watching if you guys liked
our video just press the like button and
if you guys got any command for us
please spread it down here thank you for
watching